README.md, before:

# twiggle
---
<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="Twiggle" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/423b285c-b11b-4594-98b6-8535b3d38153" />

---
twiggle is a fast directory traversal tool which allows you to move between directories using keybinds.

## Installation
To install twiggle, it is currently necessary to have `cargo` set up. For more information, look at the [rustup](https://rust-lang.org/tools/install/) installation guide.
### Git + Cargo
You can clone this repository and use `cargo install` to have Cargo build the executable and put it in `.cargo`:

```
git clone https://github.com/MarwinLinke/twiggle.git
cd twiggle
cargo install --path .
```

### Setup
> [!IMPORTANT]
> When executing `twiggle` directly, no actual directories will be changed. For full functionality, an alias or function must be created in the shell configuration file.

Depending on your shell, you can add one of the following:

#### Bash / Zsh
Add this to your `~/.bashrc` or `~/.zshrc`:
```
alias twg='cd "$(twiggle --icons)"'
```

#### Fish
Add this to your `~/.config/fish/config.fish`:
```
function twg
    cd (twiggle --icons)
end
```

It is also recommended to choose your own alias for quick activation, as well as to look at the flags for the best experience.

### Flags
Currently, the following flags are available:

| Flag          | Description                                                      |
|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--icons`     | Enables icons (a nerd font is needed for icons to be displayed). |
| `--no-colors` | Disables all colors.                                             |

Remember to add these to your shell configuration file instead of behind the alias.

Commit message:

Update README with new image, debug flag and special thanks

README.md, after:

# twiggle
---
<img width="1920" height="720" alt="TwiggleV2" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4072ae58-9925-45cb-87e6-6a98cec75edc" />

---
twiggle is a fast directory traversal tool which allows you to move between directories using keybinds.

## Installation
To install twiggle, it is currently necessary to have `cargo` set up. For more information, look at the [rustup](https://rust-lang.org/tools/install/) installation guide.
### Git + Cargo
You can clone this repository and use `cargo install` to have Cargo build the executable and put it in `.cargo`:

```
git clone https://github.com/MarwinLinke/twiggle.git
cd twiggle
cargo install --path .
```

### Setup
> [!IMPORTANT]
> When executing `twiggle` directly, no actual directories will be changed. For full functionality, an alias or function must be created in the shell configuration file.

Depending on your shell, you can add one of the following:

#### Bash / Zsh
Add this to your `~/.bashrc` or `~/.zshrc`:
```
alias twg='cd "$(twiggle --icons)"'
```

#### Fish
Add this to your `~/.config/fish/config.fish`:
```
function twg
    cd (twiggle --icons)
end
```

It is also recommended to choose your own alias for quick activation, as well as to look at the flags for the best experience.

### Flags
Currently, the following flags are available:

| Flag          | Description                                                      |
|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--icons`     | Enables icons (a nerd font is needed for icons to be displayed). |
| `--no-colors` | Disables all colors.                                             |
| `--debug`     | Displays custom debug messages.                                  |

Remember to add these to your shell configuration file instead of behind the alias.
## Special Thanks
Displaying icons per file type was made possible with the logic inside `icons.rs` which was written by the [eza-community](https://github.com/eza-community/eza).
